My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose until
We reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
What's wrong, everyone?
The next class is starting.
-Look at this!
-Look, teacher!
I didn't sleep enough.
I had a lot going on yesterday.
Jeez, I'm in trouble.
It's time for a homeroom meeting.
Well, I have to start out
with a smoke.
Hey. Morning!
You weird teacher!
Wait. What?
What are you looking at?
Ah, Fuyutsuki-chan.
No, Fuyutsuki-sensei!
What's wrong?
Your body is trembling.
Did you get food poisoning
or something?
What--? What the heck is this?
Why am I the victim of "Mokuba Zeme"?
What the hell is going on?
What's going on?
You are a pig, Onizuka-kun!
I never imagined you had such a hobby!
-I trusted you!
-No, it's a misunderstanding!
It's not me. I've never even
seen a wooden horse like this!
Fuyutsuki-chan!
Listen, you guys!
Look at this carefully!
In this photo, right here.
Here! You see this scar?
I don't have that on my rear,
I swear!
Okay, I'll show you proof. Here!
It's not there, right?
Hey! Look. See, right?
Are you convinced?
It has just begun.
The bullying of the homeroom teacher
by Class 3-4.
FACULTY ROOM
I swear I've never been
on a wooden horse.
A wooden horse. I swear.
I've been to a cabaret club
but that's it.
Did something happen?
Amazing!
That is a pretty wild hobby.
I'm telling you.
I haven't been on it!
Though it may not be believable,
I promised myself...
...I'd never be involved
with strange sex.
Don't worry about it.
Everyone has his own unique hobbies.
I'm telling you, that's not it.
Could it be...?
Could it be that you are doing this
without your own knowledge?
What? Could that be possible?
Well, this is a very stressful job.
Oh, Onizuka-sensei, this is....
Subconsciously.
Could it be possible?
Onizuka-sensei!
Oh, vice principal....
What am I gonna do? If I'm doing
those things without knowing....
Onizuka-sensei, I'll explain it to you.
Give me back my Cresta, you bastard!
Vice principal!
I may not be able
to have a normal marriage.
Give me back my Cresta!
Give me back--
Where am I? Who am I?
Just calm down!
Let go! I'd rather kill him
and kill myself!
Let go. Please! Let go of me!
Absolutely pathetic.
He completely freaked out!
We scored! It was a huge success.
Kikuchi is a genius.
He's on a professional level.
Seriously, you could probably
make a living out of it.
You idiot, life is not that easy.
If we keep it up, he won't last
a month. He is such a joker.
Let's force him into getting fired
quickly. Like Kahara.
That's right.
We'll let the school know that
we don't need a damn teacher.
All stupid teachers should
kill themselves!
Hey, he's coming!
This is..!
Onizuka.
Let's discuss the various problems
of modern education.
We should start with a naked
relationship. That's our priority!
-What is it?
-Did he lose it?
No, no, no! I can't stand it!
No, no, it can't be!
There is absolutely no way!
-He is so dumb! Is he serious?
-He's gung-ho about the wrong thing!
It is absolutely impossible!
S & M is better than doing it
with the vice principal.
Wait. Wait a minute! Calm down.
Settle down, Eikichi Onizuka.
First.... First....
Yes! First, I need to convince
Fuyutsuki-chan of the truth!
I need to make her realize
I'm innocent.
-Milk, please.
-Here.
What's wrong?
You are not happy, Fuyutsuki-sensei.
Principal, I'm sorry.
I'm distracted.
It must be that photo of Onizuka-sensei.
You slapped him,
and you are concerned about him.
Were you watching?
Well, he deserved to be slapped!
What a shameless pig!
Well, he might be the kind
of person to do such a thing.
But I'm not convinced.
The story is a little too perfect.
I wonder if this incident is
as simple as it looks.
This.... This is....
I picked it up from the trash
when I had a class there.
It would not be good
if it was leaked outside the school.
Come on, vice principal.
This is one of their standard tricks.
Could you leave me alone?
Please. Leave me alone.
What a....
What an embarrassing thing!
UCHIYAMADA
Then what?
Then....
Good morning.
I wish you'd get up earlier. I can't
finish cleaning up the kitchen.
-Is that so?
-What?
So, can I please go to Karuizawa...
...with Ryoko and my other friends?
It's just overnight.
I wonder when it started.
It's been 15 years since we took
a loan to build this house in Iruma.
For some time, my wife has been cold
and my daughter avoids me.
I just bring my paycheck home.
But I haven't lost hope yet.
I just need Cresta, my dear Cresta.
So white and shiny like
in the TV commercial.
She was supposed to provide me...
... with a loving wife
and daughter, like before.
But she was totaled
after only one day!
And no one even tried
to find out the truth!
Furthermore, an embarrassing photo
was posted on a wall!
Never has my life been so screwed up!
I know, it's him! Rotten things
started happening since he came.
He is a devil. I need to
remove him as soon as possible.
I need to expel him from our school.
Bastard, bastard, bastard, bastard!
You'll see, you'll see!
You'll see...
...Onizuka!
But I'm not convinced.
The story is a little too perfect.
Excuse me.
I want you to listen to me.
Even if it's for a short while.
Onizuka-sensei?
It's a misunderstanding.
A misunderstanding!
Look at me, pure and innocent me.
An angel like me would never
participate in a perverted sex act.
You are trying
to convince me of that?
Oops. Doesn't this work?
I have costumes from
the boys and girls' chorus play.
That's enough. I understand.
Then, do you believe me?
I don't have any right
to make an issue...
...of your private hobbies.
No, that's not the point,
Fuyutsuki-chan!
Why is that?
Well, because....
How am I supposed to believe you
after seeing such a photo?
Pardon me.
Oh, no. Fuyutsuki-chan.
That guy is so dumb!
This is it.
The next plan.
COMPUTER ROOM
Hey, do it quickly.
Don't rush it.
You'll see, you bastard Onizuka.
Wow! Awesome!
Amazing! It looks so real!
Where is he?
In order to fire him, we need proof
that he is unfit to be a teacher.
Bastard Onizuka, you'll see.
I will expose
every single secret of yours!
Here we go.
Have to wash well.
He is bathing in a sink
used to wash hands...
...using the school's lemon soap...
...and rubbing it directly
on his crotch.
Isn't there any way to convince
Fuyutsuki-chan it's a misunderstanding?
It's really frustrating.
Bathing in cold water is
a little too chilly. I'm done.
My clothes, my clothes!
Why do I need to hide?
How annoying!
That bastard Onizuka!
I will never give up.
What is it this time?
Hey, you guys, wait! Don't look!
Wait! Don't look until I look!
Fuyutsuki-chan!
What the hell...?
I'm leaving a love hotel.
Who the hell is this woman?
Does anyone know?
Hey, Fuyutsuki-chan, do you know...?
Are you making fun of me?
That's mean.
He's nailed.
He is really depressed.
This happened to him because
he was flirting with the new teacher!
He deserved it.
We don't need to do anything more.
He'll crumble. Right, Kikuchi?
No. We wanna make extra sure
with one more push.
You are so evil as usual.
I don't know what to do.
Shit!
I need to get closer.
In order to expose his true nature,
Yeah, it is really well done.
Fuyutsuki-sensei, did you see this?
What?
We were just looking
at this product of mischief.
Sorry, but I don't want
to look at indecent pictures.
That's not what it is.
We were talking about how good it is.
It's hard to tell it's a composite.
A composite?
Didn't you know?
The students from Class 2-4
use the trick often.
If you look closely, the head and
the body have a different resolution.
That's unbelievable.
I see. She wasn't here
when Kahara-sensei was here.
That devil!
Damn it! I wonder if
I have a split personality.
I might be doing those things
without knowing it.
I wonder if my spirit leaves
my body without me knowing!
Even transparent, that part
of your body is very impressive.
Of course.
Let's spend an infinitely
transparent time together, baby!
Wouldn't that be nice?
I shouldn't be entertaining
stupid ideas.
Teacher, your spirit is
not leaving your body.
Yoshikawa.
You don't have a split personality and
your spirit isn't leaving your body.
They're composite photos
created on a computer.
What?! Is that true?
Yeah. You see them in magazines.
Composite?
Teacher, I know who did it.
The person who made those photos
is in our class.
Hey, Yoshikawa.
Onizuka-sensei!
Yoshikawa, don't say anything else.
Someone in your class?
Someone who tells on a classmate...
...I don't wanna trust.
Teacher....
I will make them pay for this.
Okay.
Fuyutsuki-chan.
Onizuka-sensei, I'm sorry.
I didn't believe you...
...and I even slapped you.
I am so sorry.
It's okay.
As long as you understand.
Really? Oh, I'm relieved!
But I want to make up for it.
I know!
I'll treat you to dinner tonight.
-Really?
-Yes. Just leave it to me.
What are you laughing about?
I have some business to take
care of. I'll be right back.
I will make sure they will pay dearly
for making my spirit leave my body.
Onizuka-sensei.
COMPUTER ROOM
This is the final blow.
This will make him leave.
Kikuchi's skill is getting better.
Awesome!
Shut up. You are distracting me.
When we put this on the intranet,
that will be it for him!
Excuse me. Let me see.
-Onizuka.
-Where did you sneak in from?
Just like a roach.
Hey, Kikuchi.
Sorry to interrupt,
but I need your face.
Hey, what are you gonna do?
I'm gonna make him pay.
You guys, if you follow us,
I'll kill you.
What are you gonna do?
Kick me out?
If you use violence...
...you will be kicked out
of the school.
Hey, Kikuchi, do me a favor.
This.
What?
Could you use this photo
and my magazines...
...to make a composite photo?
Someone help me.
I'm so relieved.
Onizuka-sensei is not
that kind of person after all.
For this photo use this head
and superimpose it on that pose.
Okay? Okay? Okay?
You are so talented that I won't ask
for it for free. How about 1000 yen?
No? What about 2000 yen?
Okay. 3000 yen, a sacrificial price...
...and I will give you
an X-rated, unedited video!
Kikuchi-kun, don't disappoint me.
I'll give you three days.
If that's too tight, one week.
See you!
He is something, that bastard!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
PREVIEW
Why are you enjoying Onizuka's class?
I'm leaving your group, but I don't
accept Onizuka as my teacher.
How small!
If you continue to get along with
Onizuka, I'll expose these photos.
Here is the microphone.
Who are you? You're harassing us.
You won't get away with this!
You did the wrong thing.
You broke my policy.